---
layout: post
title: Hello World
permalink: /b/hello
categ: b
---

I suppose this is my first blog post. It's more of a technology test, really -- I'm trying to figure out how Jekyll works, and setting up my blog.

So there isn't a whole lot here.

I should probably introduce myself, so here goes:

My name is Nicolas Stamm, born in Germany in 1997. I finished high school in 2014 and am currently studying physics at the university of my home town, Freiburg. I spend most of my free time playing or watching a mix of Dota 2, Hearthstone, Scrolls and random indie games; as you may be able to infer from my having a GitHub account, I also have some programming experience. I've used maybe a dozen or so languages, and I can actually accomplish things in Python, Bash, and Haskell. Additionally, I've used Java and the whole JS/CSS/HTML/etc stack, but I haven't used them in a while, so I'm somewhat rusty. I also have no idea of Java's standard API because I learned it in the context of Minecraft modding.

### What can you expect from this blog?

For now, not a whole lot.

Later on... well, the blog will be split up into multiple categories, those being:

 - Code: This is me posting rants about programming-related topics. I don't consider myself very knowledgeable, so there won't be a lot of those.
 - Blog: A blog. You know what a blog is. This will also be where I post things that don't go anywhere else.
 - Fiction: I want to write fiction (both original and fanfic). It will most likely be horrible, so there won't be *much*, but I'll still try to put some up. The actual goal is to write [rational/ist fiction](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/RationalFic).
 - Math/Physics: This is what I study and I'm quite interested in it, so I might end up posting something about quantum physics or whatever.
